Hey, Xiao Liu, come, come, come
I heard there are hundreds of people interviewing this year
This interview is just one of them
There are dozens of interviews on this entire floor
It's scary
Tell me about it.
Don't say in Nancheng
Even in the imperial capital
Can enter the Emperor Fund
That's a great honor
It's like a golden rice bowl
Sister-in-law, I heard that the ordinary employees here
50,000 dollars during the internship
This turn
Give me a million every minute
Yeah so you see
There are so many competitors
Too bad I'm pregnant
I don't know if they will accept me.
Baby, this is really not the right time
Sister-in-law, I'm worried
You are so good
Education is also higher than mine
I should be the one to worry about
What a coincidence!
What are you doing here?
Didn't I tell you to wait for us downstairs?
I'll come over to see if you're busy with your work
Talk like your own company
Are the two ladies Ouyang Hongliu Yunye here?
Uh here
Ah you two please come with me
What's going on here?
What are you doing?
Do you have to interview in advance?
I don't know.
I'll ask when they come back.